I heard you won 100,000 Tao Hai
Yes, there is such a thing.
Ouch, then you are really amazing.
I heard you won the lottery from Tao Kun again 200,000
Yes!
Gee, you're really lucky.
No one else won
It's not really a matter of luck
They do bad things behind their backs, they have ghosts in their hearts
As long as it's slightly addictive
You can definitely see that they are not good.
Can you do this?
Hahaha hey
Sister-in-law, why did your face suddenly become so pale?
Oh, maybe I didn't sleep well last night.
Are you okay, sister-in-law?
Oops, my chest hurts a little bit.
It's all pissed off by your brother
My chest hurts.
Then I'll take a look for you.
Oh, it's so hard and it hurts.